users/introducer: Explain where to configure introducer feature (#788)
syncthing/docs: users/introducer.rst

  
  Remote device R also shares "Videos" with device C, but not with our local L. Device C will not be added to L as it is not connected to any folders that L and R share.

> Introducer is configured per device under the "Sharing" tab.  
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mark a remote device as an introducer, start editing it in the Web GUI and
check the option under the "Sharing" tab.

```
